AI Service: support immediate/direct return from tools (#3069)
langchain4j/langchain4j: docs/docs/tutorials/tools.md

It is possible for an AI service to use both programmatically and dynamically specified tools in the same invocation.

### Returning immediately the result of a tool execution request

> By default, the result of a tool execution request is sent back to the LLM that uses this result and further reprocesses it. However, in some circumstance, the result produced by that tool execution request already represents the expected result of the AI service invocation. In this case it is possible to configure the tool to immediately return its result, skipping a wasteful and resource consuming reprocessing by the LLM. This can be done by configuring the `returnBehavior` field of the `@Tool` annotation as in the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the result of a tool execution request is sent back to the LLM that uses this result and further reprocesses it. However, in some circumstances, the result produced by that tool execution request already represents the expected result of the AI service invocation. In this case it is possible to configure the tool to immediately/directly return its result, skipping a wasteful and resource consuming reprocessing by the LLM. This can be done by configuring the `returnBehavior` field of the `@Tool` annotation as in the following example:
```

adding "directly" for making text search easier (this feature is called "return direct" in Python LC)

```java
class CalculatorWithImmediateReturn {
    
    @Tool(returnBehavior = ReturnBehavior.IMMEDIATE)
    double add(int a, int b) {
        return a + b;
    }
}
```

> Note that this feature is supported only on AI Services having a `Result` as returned type, while attempting to use it on a service with a different return type will produce a `RuntimeException`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note
This feature is supported only on AI Services having a `Result<T>` return type. Attempting to use it on AI Service with a different return type will produce an exception. See [Return Types](/tutorials/ai-services#return-types) for more information about `Result<T>`.
:::
```

In this way, an `Assistant` service like the following

```java
interface Assistant {
    Result<String> chat(String userMessage);
}
```

configured to use the above `CalculatorWithImmediateReturn` tool

```java
Assistant assistant = AiServices.builder(Assistant.class)
        .chatModel(model)
        .tools(new CalculatorWithImmediateReturn())
        .build();
```

will return a response with content exactly equal to `124` from an invocation like

```java

> var response = assistant.chat("How much is 37 plus 87?");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Result<String> result = assistant.chat("How much is 37 plus 87?");
```

for clarity

```

> instead of letting the LLM reprocess the result of the `add` tool execution request, thus returning a response like: `The result of adding 37 and 87 is 124.`

Reviewer: Please mention that `result.content()` will be `null` in this case and user should check `result.toolExecutions()` instead.

Author: Done.

> 

Reviewer: It is also worth mentioning that if LLM calls multiple tools and at least one of them is not immediate, then reprocessing will happen.

Author: Done.
